---
sidebar_position: 21
---

# v1.15.0-Nov 2021

## **New features**

:::danger
This version comes with breaking changes in the process definition structure. They are related to the new WS model implemented in order to support subprocesses. The needed data migrations are run on install. After the update it will no longer be possible to import older processes via JSON import.
:::

**Licensing engine** was updated and license related configuration options were included in the Designer.

[License engine](../../docs/platform-deep-dive/core-components/core-extensions/license-engine)

:::info
After setting up the licensing engine and configuring the license key, a sync needs to be manually triggered in order to count previous licenses.
:::

**Improved signature extraction engine** for the OCR plugin.

:::caution
Document templates will need to be updated to work with the new changes. The border of the signature box should be updated to: `border:4px black solid;`
:::

**Improved document processing features**:

A **document source** can now be configured. Possible values are `generated`, `uploaded`, `ocr`. The source type is taken into consideration when deciding whether to create a new version of the same document or create a new document type. This feature will prevent uploaded documents with the same name as a generated one from overwriting. the generated document. 

Support **multiple documents generated from the same template** in one step. To support this feature the structure of the response was updated in order to group generated documents by customId. 


Example of previous response:

```
 {
  "generatedFiles": {
    "CONTRACT": {
        "customId": "26278486_1",
        "fileId": 42,
        "documentType": "CONTRACT",
        "documentLabel": "GENERATED_PDF",
        "minioPath": "flowx-process-id-1/26278486_1/42_CONTRACT.pdf",
        "downloadPath": "internal/files/42/download",
        "error": null
      }
  },
  "error": null
}
```

Example of updated response:

```
{
  "generatedFiles": {
    "26278486_2": {
      "CONTRACT": {
        "customId": "26278486_2",
        "fileId": 64,
        "documentType": "CONTRACT",
        "documentLabel": "GENERATED_PDF",
        "minioPath": "flowx-process-id-1/26278486_2/64_CONTRACT.pdf",
        "downloadPath": "internal/files/64/download",
        "error": null
      }
    },
    "26278486_1": {
      "CONTRACT": {
        "customId": "26278486_1",
        "fileId": 63,
        "documentType": "ACORD_HTML",
        "documentLabel": "GENERATED_PDF",
        "minioPath": "flowx-process-id-1/26278486_1/63_CONTRACT.pdf",
        "downloadPath": "internal/files/63/download",
        "error": null
      }
    }
  },
  "error": null
}
```

:::danger
This will introduce a regression, all interpretation of generated documents should be updated to take in consideration this customId.
:::

Add **option to combine two PDFs:** it is now possible to combine contents from one or more pdf files. Examples:

Example of request to combine last page of a document with `fileId: 2` with a document with `fileId: 1`

```jsx
{
  "documentType": "test",
  "customId": "123123",
  "files": [
    {
      "fileId": 1,
      "order": 0
    },
    {
      "fileId": 2,
      "order": 1
    }
  ]
}
```

Generic request to combine 1 pages from document with id 4 into document with id 2 after page 4 → result document will have 5 pages

```jsx
{
  "documentType": "test",
  "customId": "123123",
  "files": [
    {
      "fileId": 2,
      "startPage": 0,
      "endPage": 3,
      "order": 0
    }, {
      "fileId": 4,
      "startPage": 0,
      "endPage": 0,
      "order": 1
    }
  ]
}
```

:::caution
Two new Kafka topics need to be configured for this feature.
:::

## **Changed**

### Engine

* Improved information related to processes from logs
* Update ws model in order to support subprocess

Additional information regarding the deployment for v1.15.0 are available below:

[Deployment guidelines v1.15](deployment-guidelines-v1.15.md)

